Now, we're gonna move into
the actual checkout of the user's cart.
So, once you have a cart with a whole bunch of items in it,
we click on checkout, it's gonna be a couple steps.
First, what we're gonna do is,
we're gonna pop open a credit card checkout dialogue,
in order to actually charge the user's credit card.
That's gonna give us something called a token.
And, I'll explain a little more about
the whole token process in a future video.
And, then we take that token on the server-side.
We're going to actually charge the credit card
with that token, and then we're gonna convert these items
into something called order items.
Right now, they're cart items.
And then, we're also going to create
a new type called an order.
We'll be able to show receipts, and all that good stuff.
So, we're going to be using a credit card processor
called Stripe.
I'm a big fan of Stripe.
They're very developer friendly.
It feels like it's the credit card processor
that has been built for developers.
It works really well, I use it in my own business.
And then, they also have some tools
that make doing JavaScript credit card processing
very, very simple, and very easy.
So, go to stripe.com, and sign up for an account.
Once you sign up, you'll probably get an email
from Stripe to confirm.
Make sure you go ahead, and click on that confirmation link.
I always like to add a name to my account,
so I'm gonna call that Wes Bos Tutorials.
And then, you'll notice here, there's a viewing test data.
That will be flipped between a live
production data, and actual test data.
Make sure you're always on the test,
when we are working on this tutorial.
And then of course, you can flip that over to production
if you are ready to build an application for production.
First thing we're gonna need to do
is to head over to developers,
and grab ourself a set of API keys.
Gonna go to the side here, and click on API keys.
And, triple check that you're in test mode
on the side right here.
And, you're going to see a publishable key.
And, this is a key that will go in the client-side.
So, this is your JavaScript key
that will go in the actual browser.
And, it's totally fine if anyone in the world
is able to see your publishable key.
What you don't want people to have
is what's called your secret key,
and that's what we're going to be able to use
on our server-side to actually push through the transaction.
So, I'm gonna go ahead, and just copy
this publishable key for now.
We're gonna need that to set up, and we're gonna come back,
and grab the secret key in just a second.
Let's head back up to our front end here.
And, we're gonna be creating a new component
that's called, TakeMyMoney.
Gonna go up to our components, new file,
TakeMyMoney.jf, capital T, capital M, capital M.
Inside of here, we're gonna import React from react.
We're gonna import StripeCheckout
from the react-stripe-checkout package.
We're gonna import Mutation from react-apollo.
Import the Router from next/router.
Import NProgress from nprogress
It's going to allow us to show
that little red bar at the top that we're changing pages.
We'll grab PropTypes.
Import gql from graphql-tag.
Import calcTotalPrice, that's gonna be from,
if we go up a level into our lib directory,
there's a file called calcTotalPrice,
if you just take a look at it,
it takes in our cart, and it's going to tally up
the entire cart total for us.
Import our Error from ErrorMessage.
And then finally, we want to import our User component
as well as the CURRENT_USER_QUERY from the User component.
So, that's everything we're going to need
over the next couple of videos.
So, let's just triple check.
What's going on here?
We forgot a from.
Awesome.
Then, we're going to go ahead and make our class.
TakeMyMoney extends React.Component.
Let's export default TakeMyMoney.
Inside of that, we need a render function.
Then, we're going to simply just return,
from that, we will return a User component.
So, we can expose the user's cart.
Inside of that, we'll give ourselves a render function.
Data me, and inside of that let's give ourselves,
it's just a paragraph that says checkout.
Alright, now we're gonna go into our cart Digest,
and import that TakeMyMoney.
So, I'm gonna say import TakeMyMoney from TakeMyMoney.
And, this TakeMyMoney component is actually going to
just surround our existing checkout button.
So, the way that's gonna work,
if you go down to the SickButton that says checkout,
we simply just say TakeMyMoney,
and we're gonna put the SickButton inside of it.
Now, if we look at it now, it just says checkout.
So, how do we get this SickButton to actually show up?
Well, if we head back to our TakeMyMoney,
you can actually replace the word checkout
with this.props.children, and then whatever gets passed
as a child, when we're using it,
in this case, it's just a SickButton,
will be rendered inside of, in this case,
it's a paragraph tag, and we'll see it in there,
and that's kinda cool because I could,
technically, have two TakeMyMoney buttons.
And, the second one could just be, like, Wes Is Cool.
And, a paragraph that says Heyyy.
And you see that, that's gonna be rendered out.
Well, both of them are gonna have
the actual checkout functionality.
That's not actually what we want, so we'll get rid of that.
Now, how do we make that button
pop up a Stripe checkout dialogue?
Well, instead of having a paragraph tag here,
what we're gonna be doing is we're going to swap
that out with a Stripe checkout component.
Give that a save, and I'm not sure
if this will work without any settings
but let's go ahead, and give it a shot.
If we now click on that, hey, hey, there we go.
Immediately, it will pop open the Stripe checkout dialogue.
It shows us we're in test mode.
And, this is opening Stripe's built-in
JavaScript checkout dialogue.
Now, there's a little bit more we need to do
to actually get this to work.
So, let's go in here.
Stripe checkout's going to take a whole bunch of parameters.
And, if you're interested in what all of the possible
ones are, we can just do a quick google
for the documentation, react stripe checkout.
And, it tells us all of the possible props
that we can pass through to it.
So, let's go ahead, and start implementing
all the props that we need in ours.
First, the amount of the checkout is going to be
the CalcTotalPrice, and we're just gonna pass me.cart,
and now, if I were to open the checkout,
It tells us that we're gonna pay $14,301.60.
You see, that's exactly what we have here.
You do always need to pass cents to Stripe.
So, that's why, everything we've been doing so far
is cents, and it's just kinda sound advice
for anytime, you're dealing with money in JavaScript.
The name is going to be Sick Fits.
The description is going to be, let's do backticks here,
order of, and let's count the number
of total items that they have.
So, we're gonna write a little function
here called totalItems.
That takes in the cart, and will return
the number of items that we have.
So, let's go, just do it up here.
So, we'll say function, totalItems, takes in a cart,
and it's going to return the cart.reduce.
We're gonna grab the tally, and the cartItem.
And from that, return the tally plus the cartItem.quantity,
also gonna start that reduce as a zero.
And now, when I click on checkout it says order of 15,
and we can go back to our little checkout here, items.
Order of 15 items, so it's gonna be kinda dynamic,
obviously I have 15 things in my cart showing up here.
Image is equal to, you can stick a little image up top here.
And, what I like to do is just take the first item
that's in the cart, and show that,
so we'll say me.cart, and we'll grab the first item,
cartItem, and then we'll grab the item inside
of that, and we'll grab the image.
Now, when I open that up, you see it shows me shoes.
One little thing you want to make sure of is that
if this item gets deleted, then we don't want to show that.
So, we'll just check if there actually is an item there
before we do it 'cause that could lead to some
weird syntax errors, so we'll just check,
me.cart[0].item &&, and if there is no item,
it won't return any image at all.
Just a little bit of safety there.
The Stripekey is going to be set to the value
that we just had, so if we jump back to our back end here.
Grab that Stripekey, paste it in there,
you could also stick that in an environmental variable
If you'd like to switch it out.
The currency is going to be USD.
And then, the email for the person is going to be
me.email, so whoever is currently logged in,
its going to be their actual email address.
So, I'm giving this a hard refresh, try to checkout.
Everything looks good, they have their email,
the number of items, the different items that are in here,
and the total number of things that we have.
Now, what's gonna happen is that you're gonna
put your credit card number in here,
and then you're gonna put your expiry date,
and your CVC, and we're going to pay it.
And then, what's going to happen is Stripe
is not gonna actually charge the credit card,
but it's gonna create what's called a token,
and then that token we take to our server-side,
and actually charge the credit card.
And, the reason why we do this token system
is because we don't actually want
to send the user's credit card details
to our server, that's a whole 'nother level of liability
that we're not interested in doing.
So, what happens is, we take their credit card number.
We send that to Stripe, Stripe then gives us a token
that's good for charging the credit card once.
And then, we can just simply bring that token
to our server, and not have to worry about
handling users' sensitive information like that.
We'll leave all that heavy lifting up to Stripe.
So, that's the last little one that we have here,
is, what do we do, when we actually
get that token back from the user?
And, that's the token property here,
and when that happens, we are simply going to
take the response from the token,
and we're going to call a method,
which we're going to code in just a second called onToken.
So, it's gonna say this.onToken response.
And, the reason why I don't just type this.onToken in here
is 'cause we're gonna need to pass a mutation as well.
But, hold onto your pants 'cause we're not there just yet.
When we go above our render,
and let's actually code up that token,
onToken is equal to, we get the response in there.
And, let's just console.log the response,
and we'll console.log On Token Called!
So, now go ahead, and put your own credit card, I'm joking.
Don't put your own credit card number in there.
Stripe has a number of dummy credit card numbers
that are used specifically for testing.
We can take a quick look at those right now.
Stripe testing credit cards.
You see, these are all of the numbers,
this is a Visa, a Visa debit card,
a MasterCard, all of the different types
of credit cards that you will have.
And then, you can also use these credit cards
for specific errors, so if you want
a specific error, and you want to make sure
that you handle all of these different types properly,
maybe one of the credit card failed,
and you want to tell the user, hey,
it has failed, or sometimes there's a risk level
of elevated, that you don't want to
actually go ahead, and charge the credit card.
So, these can be very helpful.
The one that we're going to be using in this course
is simply just 42424242424242.
I set up a little thing, where if I type in :42,
it will automatically expand out to that.
I recommend you do that yourself via something
like TextExpander or built in expansions in OS X.
The expiry date can be anything,
so I usually just type 222, and that gives me 02/22.
And then, the CVC, I also make it 222
just 'cause I do this a lot,
and there is no way to automatically
populate their credit card number.
Open up your dev tools here, and if you click on pay,
you see what happened there, is,
it charged the credit card, it went to Stripe,
and then came back and actually ran that onToken.
However, it tells us this.fn is not a function
So, let's see here.
Bit of an issue, you see the actual error's
coming from Stripe's own checkout,
and it's telling it that it's likely
that this token is not a proper function.
So, let's just change that real quick.
The way I like to debug these things is just give it
console.log, and that will just console.log anything,
when the token comes back.
Gonna checkout one more time.
And, there we go, we get a full token
with all the information back.
So, let's bring it back to what I had.
It might just be that I need to give it a refresh
because this Stripe is not a native react component
it's just a react component wrapper around their library.
That's something that might be an issue.
Let's try it one more time here.
Checkout, there we go, it was just 'cause I had to refresh.
Bit of a weird issue there, but this is the response
that we're console logging, and inside of that response
you see the user's card, and in here you see
the brand, the country.
If you did, there's some settings you can put
in the Stripe checkout, which you can
also get the user's country.
I do that myself, so that I can get less declines
on credit cards because the more information
you provide to a credit card processor
the higher likelihood that it's not going to get declined.
It tells you if things have passed,
and then a whole bunch of other information
like the name, and all kinds of whatever that we have.
Now, what we are really concerned about
is this ID right here, this is a Stripe token.
This is a one-time use token.
And, you need to then take this to your server-side,
and then charge it, and we're going to be using
a Stripe package on the server-side.
That token is kind of like a little, like
a meal ticket, or like a drink ticket at a wedding
where you take it to the bartender, and you say "hey,
I was told I could get some money for this.
And then, you give them the token, and they will actually
go ahead, and charge the credit card,
and then deposit the money into your bank account.
So, that's exactly what we need here.
Let's just console.log res.id
That is the only thing that we need there,
that ID that we have, and everything else we can get
if we do need the user's email address,
or anything like that, we can also grab that.
On the server-side, we just care about the token right now.
So, we have the StripeCheckout working.
We are charging the credit card,
and then we are getting the token at this point,
and that's the next video, we need to send
this ID to the server-side in order to
actually finish our transaction.
So, I'll see you in that video.